! ---------------
! --- TWITTER ---
! ---------------

! Hide everything in the right sidebar (trends, suggestions etc.) expect the search input
twitter.com##div[data-testid="sidebarColumn"] > div > div:nth-child(2) > div > div > div > div:not(:first-child)

!||twitter.com/i/api/1.1/users/recommendations.json
!||twitter.com/i/api/2/guide.json

! ---------------
! --- TWITCH ----
! ---------------

! Redirect the homepage to the following page
twitch.tv#%#if (location.pathname === "/") location.pathname = '/directory/following';

! Hide the home button in the title bar
twitch.tv##[data-a-target="home-link"]

! Hide recommend channels in the left sidebar
twitch.tv##[aria-label="Recommended Channels"]

! Hide the "Viewers also watch" section in the left sidebar
twitch.tv##[aria-label$="Viewers Also Watch"]

! Hide the recommend channels on the following page
twitch.tv##span:has-text(Recommended channels):upward(4)

! Hide the live categories on the following page
twitch.tv##p:has-text(You can now follow your favorite games):upward(2)

! Hide the categories tab on the following page
twitch.tv##a[data-a-target="following-games-tab"]

! Hide entire front page
twitch.tv##.front-page-carousel:upward(6)

! Hide the browser link in the title bar
twitch.tv##a[data-a-target="browse-link"]

! Hide the ellipsis button in the title bar
twitch.tv##button[data-a-target="ellipsis-button"]

! Hide the loots+badge button in the title bar
twitch.tv##.top-nav__prime

! Hide the notifications button in the title bar
twitch.tv##button[aria-label="Open Notifications"]

! Hide the notification red badge in the title bar
twitch.tv##div[data-a-target="tw-animation-target"]

! Hide the "Get Bits" button in the title bar
twitch.tv##button[data-a-target="top-nav-get-bits-button"]

! ---------------
! --- YOUTUBE ---
! ---------------

! Hide the right side related video
youtube.com###related

! Hide the entire front page
youtube.com##ytd-browse[page-subtype="home"]

! Hide the explore button in the left sidebar
youtube.com##a[title="Explore"]

! Hide the home button in the left sidebar
youtube.com##a[title="Home"]

! Hide the shorts button in the left sidebar
youtube.com##a[title="Shorts"]

! Hide the "More from youtube" button in the left sidebar
youtube.com##h3:has-text(More from YouTube):upward(1)

! Hide the footer in the left sidebar
youtube.com###footer

! Hide the create button in the left sidebar
youtube.com##button[aria-label="Create"]

! Hide the Youtube Apps button in the left sidebar
youtube.com##button[aria-label="YouTube apps"]

! ----------------
! --- LE MONDE ---
! ----------------

! Hide the contribution button
lemonde.fr##a.comments__active
